docs(license): update the latest license structure (#879)
instill-ai/instill.tech: docs/license.en.mdx

### About Instill Enterprise License

An enterprise license, which is a paid annual subscription, unlocks all
commercial features of Instill AI for use in a production environment. This
license has a validity period of 365 days, after which it expires. Upon
expiration, the software will cease to operate, necessitating a license renewal
to resume usage.

## License FAQ

### Why Instill Community License?

Our goal is to democratize AI, making it accessible to all. To accomplish this,
we've made the fundamental features of **🔮 Instill Core** freely available,
with source code accessible to everyone. This approach ensures the
sustainability of our business while promoting openness. Hence, we've introduced
the **Instill Community License**, which is highly permissive. This license not
only allows us to offer users free access to our source code and the ability to
modify it, but also safeguards our project from being exploited by other
companies for profit. Additionally, we've launched ☁️ [**Instill
Cloud**](https://instill.tech/?utm_source=documentation&utm_medium=link), a
fully managed public cloud service based on **🔮 Instill Core** that provides
extra features.

> ### Why Are the Other Open Source Components?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why Are the Other Components Open Source?
```

We want to build **🔮 Instill Core** as an open platform that integrates with
other awesome tooling and services. We think the best way to build these

> integrations is via open source, no matter it is a data component that connects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
integrations is via open source, irrespective of whether it is a data component that connects
```

data to a warehouse, application, or database, or an AI component that connects
AI models from self-hosted or 3rd party platforms. This also benefits the
projects that want to integrate with these components.

### How Do I Contribute to 🔮 Instill Core?

Anyone can contribute to any repositories of **🔮 Instill Core** (including

> features under **Instill Community License**). We are introducing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features under the **Instill Community License**). We are introducing a
```

**Contributor License Agreement** that you will have to sign with your first
contribution.

### My Company Has a Policy Against Using Code that Restricts Commercial Use - Can I Still Use 🔮 Instill Core?

You can use any software under **Instill Community License** for your commercial
business, as long as you don't offer it as a managed service.

### I'm Building an Application on Top of 🔮 Instill Core, How Does It Work for Me?

You can freely use **🔮 Instill Core** inside your SaaS and internal
applications, and redistribute it with your application, as long as you follow
the three limitations outlined above.

### Can You Provide Some Examples of What isn't Allowed Under the Instill Community License?

> There aren't many you can't do with **🔮 Instill Core** that is under **Instill

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There aren't many things you can't do with **🔮 Instill Core** that is under **Instill
```
